You came just in time, it was them who beat me,
Who doesn't know that I'm letting you mess around?
When they hit me, I didn’t care about you, it was all about my eyes!
Don't worry, no matter who it is,
You also want to prevent him from eating Dongyue grass,
Thief, I tell you,
But I just need to save some clothes and look for them.
What are you trying to do with me?
Don't be moved by all my people,
I want to see who it is. How difficult it is for you to be so big,
Don't come and talk about it,
What are you, this young master,
He is also you, you no no no no no no,
This guy takes my name seriously
Showing off everywhere
I didn't expect this to burn your head.
That's damn
No, this guy is Wan Yaki
Got this dog eye
But I can apologize to Xiaoyi